Update API, Helm, and Metrics reference docs for all versions (#785)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: content/docs/envoy/2.1.x/reference/api.md

| `extraAnnotations` _object (keys:string, values:string)_ | Additional annotations to add to the Pod object metadata. |  |  |
| `securityContext` _[PodSecurityContext](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.31/#podsecuritycontext-v1-core)_ | The pod security context. See<br />https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.26/#podsecuritycontext-v1-core<br />for details. |  |  |
| `imagePullSecrets` _[LocalObjectReference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.31/#localobjectreference-v1-core) array_ | An optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for<br />pulling any of the images used by this Pod spec. See<br />https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod<br />for details. |  |  |

> | `nodeSelector` _object (keys:string, values:string)_ | A selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. See<br />https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/ for<br />details. |  |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `nodeSelector` _object (keys:string, values:string)_ | A selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. See<br />https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/ for<br />details. |  |  |
```

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `Off` | XRateLimitHeaderOff disables emitting of XRateLimit headers.<br /> |

> | `DraftVersion03` | XRateLimitHeaderDraftV03 outputs headers as described in [draft RFC version 03](https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-polli-ratelimit-headers-03.html).<br /> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DraftVersion03` | XRateLimitHeaderDraftV03 outputs headers as described in [draft RFC version 03](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/id/draft-polli-ratelimit-headers-03.html).<br /> |
```
